So in order, we want to mitigate this risk here, what we can do, the first approach, we don't want to discuss, that's the third approach we don't want to discuss, the second one, which we just did discuss that is, let's have another database under the same SQL server. There is a copy of the primary database and use that database as a source and copy into the new P3042 database. Make sense? So in that case, if everything, and what Paul is saying, that even if we're going to use that second database, do that during the change window. And maybe starting from Friday evening and go all the way until Sunday. Just mitigate any risk if something could go wrong, right? And then I said, OK, if it is going to be that only, because this is going to be a rehearsal, we are not talking about like actual migration there, right? We're just doing some kind of a rehearsal, just calculating some kind of time. No, but it would be full migration of the current database, right? Exactly. At whatever point in time. It wouldn't be, but then later on, you'll do it again in the real. Again, because if we do it again and say, this is the cutover, because this database is not communicating with all others components to make this thing like a production-like kind of a thing, right? Because we're just doing some one isolated thing, data migration for this P3002 towards P3042 to see that how much time it takes, whether it's not going to break anything, and One question I have. I know we're setting up this back environment now in Pune for Deloitte. Can we use that for our testing purposes? Yes, if you have that P3042. We don't have a pad in at this point in time in 3042. Not at this point, but we are working toward it, right? Yes, when we have that, yes, we can do that. The answer is yes. Okay, it will be very easier for us to do because in that we can go inside because everything data is masked. We can do we can do one time migration from one to there and we will like easily go there and we don't need any involvement from the write at that critical time for the hustle. So let's make that availability a dependency to your testing, right? So we'll, because, to be fair, to be fair with you, right, you have to have a environment where you can thoroughly test before attempting what's in production. Exactly. But Akif, does the pad will give the real benchmark stats compared to production? Yeah, because they want to have a complete data in production like data in pad, right, Sunny? Or is a subset of data in pad? They're generating data in production. I think they are generating some. It won't be the same. It won't be exactly the same, but quantity of data probably should be the same. Yeah, volume should be the same for performance testing. Mm. Schema should also match, right? Schema should match for sure. Then it should be fine, right? I think so. Pad probably should give you a close of a benchmark. But at the same time, this DB copy just FYI, this one going to create your database as well as schemas and permissions. By the way, I thought this is also, you can only do it for the same region, so pad only for one region, right? But yeah, but That is on BT0-2 and we are going to BT0-4 to East US2. And we are going to BT0-4 to East US2, right? The same region, yeah. Yeah, it's the same region. So in production also, I think we are going to send you the same thing, right? In production also, we only have source and we are going to BT0-4 to East US2, right? And we're going to copy this to BT0-4 to East US2. And yes, if you want to replicate that into another region, that's another thing. Oh, there's other parts that we have to achieve for disaster recovery. But that doesn't work. Yeah, I was wondering, do you have that checklist as to what you can restore in this order? Because, you know, we still have to keep the money or geo-restore and backup. So that one, the other one that you were saying, Engi, was that for the Azure Synapse, right? Yeah, aren't we talking about Azure Synapse? No, we are talking about SQL DB. Oh, when did you guys jump? No, we are on the SQL DB only. This one was always simple. Okay, that's a different story on the Synapse. Yeah, I heard a story about it before. Everything you saw, I told him one just only region call for your SQL. That's the title of this meeting. The title of this meeting is SQL, right? Yes. No worries. So, Sandy, I think, Sandy, I think it depends on your plan, right? Which way we go. If you want something earlier... Then we have the approach that we called out with the kit, right, and in this backlog story type of window. Otherwise, if you want to do it down the line when that's available, that's fine too. It's just not going to be anytime soon. I'll tell you why I think this can wait, because they're still working on completing the data stitching. So that's not yet complete, right? SQL part we may be ready to do, but rest of it we're not going to be ready till the whole... Again, let's focus on SQL. You're just talking about SQL. That's all we're talking about. But what is the urgency on SQL is then my question, right? That's why I said it's your plan. This is your... I'm just thinking out loud that... So Sami, there's no urgency. The problem here is like, you know, so we work with the DBAs. They've given this process of TDP, right? But we wanted to test this out to see what all steps are required, what all things are required, how much time it's going to take, right? So that we have a clear picture on what we need to call it out in terms of each and every detailed steps. So at this moment, we are not able to test this in lower environment because of no SQL database available. I agree and I appreciate the sentiment, right, that you wanna validate the steps which you have got. But risk versus benefit, if we don't have an impending timeline, why take a risk by trying this in production? You know, and I'm gonna go back and I'm gonna also discuss this with Ravi and get his opinion on it, what he thinks, right? And get back to you guys. But I'm just thinking out loud, I don't think we have a pressing need to do this right away at this point. At least from my vantage point. Because I see other dependencies too. And, you know, if we have that tool, then why take unnecessary risks? Let's just wait for Pat is what I'm thinking. Not, not deciding yet, I'm just thinking. As you're thinking, I'm thinking, when do you want this, so we're prepared, right? So if you say two months from now, I think we still have to work backwards to understand, you know, when we're going to try this. Yeah, let me, let me discuss those things with Ravi, right? And understand the timeline urgency and maybe Rekha possibly because Ravi is still new and get back to you guys on it. Is that okay? Yeah, I like it. Who's Ravi? Ravi is the new AVP Rekha just. Okay, okay. I haven't heard this name either and I was gonna call up too. ADP for what? Who's this? Yeah, even Neil was asking today Ravi. I don't know who was that. Yeah, he's the new AVP for AML. I should have introduced him to. Oh, the one that uh Rekha said she's gonna hire someone? Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's new to TD or new to the project? He is new to TD guys, so be kind to him, please. So, um, so let's put, you're gonna go back to Ravi and uh and give him two options, right? And both options, really, we, we don't see a risk, right? One option identifies a uh a necessity for a window. Actually, it does not, but to mitigate any set risk, it would require a window and the other one basically would require, you know, your Pat environment to be uh to be made available. So how, how do you like, you know. I have had these conversations, and one thing which always comes up is, you know, they don't wanna give the light any reason to blame back on us or loss of productivity, right? So that's why, as soon as we save that, and it's gonna be available in, hypothetically speaking, two months' time, I know they're definitely gonna lean that way, because the data dependencies right now are pushing us beyond May anyways. That's from my visibility, and things are changing there on a daily basis. So our data migration definitely is dependent on that. That's a dependency Rakesh brought up before Christmas, and it is marked as such in the plan too. Yeah, he...
